We thank the referee for a timely response to our submission. We have taken all
the referee's suggestions into account when we prepared the revised version of
our manuscript. All changes to the content are clearly marked in the revised
manuscript, using the LaTeX markup commands provided by the AAStex classes for
this purpose. In addition, we have corrected a handfull of typos with no change of
content (missing "s" in plural, missing comma, beginning of sentence not capitalized).
For simplicity, those are not marked in bold font.

Before we reply to the individual issues raised in the referee's report, we
want to make a general remark that applies to the points 1,2,3, and 5 in the
referee's report: Our analysis uses the exact same data as in Hartigan & Kenyon
(2003), adding just one aspect to the analysis: Systematically searching for
spatially extended signatures in the FELs to identify jets. As taken, the data
is neither well suited to find jets (narrow band imaging would find extended
FEL emission in all directions, not just aligned with the slit), nor to study
the different velocity components in the jets (for this, one would align the
slit with the jet axis). We do indeed find two jets and are able to say
something about their velocity structure, and, like the referee, we believe
that these results are worthy of publication.  However, given the limitations
of the data, and the fact that source properties are already discussed in
detail by Hartigan & Kenyon (2003), we aim to keep this publication relatively
short. We thought about submitting it as a letter, but for data that is > 20
years old, it is hard to argue that the results absolutely require immediate
publication.  Still, our original manuscript was already 7 pages long (using a
LaTeX style close to publication layout), and we really want to focus on what
we found here and refer to reviews for more in-depth discussion. 

In this revised version, we have added more detail to the introduction and the
interpretation, as requested by the referee, please see below for details.

Reply to individual points
--------------------------

>>> 1) The paper deals with spectroscopic position-velocity diagrams
       of jets from young stellar objects (YSO).  A seminal paper to
       this method, and also applied to YSO, in particular to DG Tau,
       has been published by Solf & Boehm 1993. It is obvious by any
       scientific standards, to give a reference to this fundamental
       paper. Similarly, Solf & Boehm (1999) present long-slit spectra
       from the T Tau binary system. Why have these papers not been
       cited and discussed?  Another paper that is related and must be
       discussed is Mundt et al. (2010) on jets from the spectroscopic
       binary KH15D.

As described above, we attempted to keep the introduction short and we thus
decided to concentrate on discussing previous literature that probes the same
distances and jet components. Both Solf & Boehm articles brought up by the
referee are based on Calar Alto observations. Due to seeing, a 2.2m telescope
on the ground necessarily probes larger distances from the central star, of order
1"=130 au in the case of DG Tau. That's more than twice as far as the furthest
distance where we even see signal in our data. At larger distances, the physics
of the jets are dominated by interactions with the interstellar medium or by
internal working surfaces, at smaller distances, they still show more of the
signatures of the jet launching.  The Mundt et al. (2010) paper that the
referee pointed out is again ground-based data, in this case VLT spectroscopy
with no spatial information.  In light of the referee's comments we have
expanded our introduction to cover these and other literature results, which
probe slightly different regimes, but nevertheless provide important background
information.



>>> 2) Since the paper deals with (i) jets and (ii) binaries, it would be
       essential to briefly also introduce to the theoretical background in the
       introduction section and later also discuss the results of the paper
       concerning the theoretical understanding.  The formation of jets by
       magnetic fields has been introduced by Blandford & Payne 1982, while the
       launching out of the disk has been simulated by Casse & Keppens 2002.
       The curved structure of jets and its possible cause by a binarity of the
       jet source has been discussed by Fendt & Zinnecker 1998. For example,
       the authors explain the absence of jets (in binary systems) by the lack
       of axisymmetry that is needed for jet formation.  Most recent 3D MHD
       simulations by Sheikhnezami et al. (2015, 2018) confirm this idea,
       suggesting a critical inclination angle in the binary star - jet system.
       It is essential to put the observational results claimed in the
       manuscript in some theoretical context.

As for the referee's point 1, we have expanded our introduction to bring in
more of the theoretical background. We note that in particular the articles by
Sheikhnezami et al. (2015, 2018) have very extensive introductions we refer the
reader to review those for more a thorough discussion of theoretical
approaches. It is worth noting though, that numerical simulations of wide
binaries are still too expensive to perform, e.g. Sheikhnezami et al. (2018) is
limited to a binary separation of about 15 au, which comes close to the
separation of DF Tau, but is an order of magnitude smaller than e.g. the
separation of UY Aur, where we would thus expect the jet to evolve more like
the jet in a single star than in a close binary. Furthermore, we do not know
the alignments between disks, jets, and binary orbit, thus a direct comparison
with theoretical prediction from e.g. Sheikhnezami et al. (2015, 2018) cannot
be performed with this dataset. It is for these reasons that we did not
describe the theoretical work mentioned in the referee's report in our original
manuscript and add only a few sentences to the introduction and discussion
section now.


>>> 3) Also in respect to my point 2) the authors need to discuss in more depth
       the absence of a jet signal for the rest of their sources. Although they
       briefly mention some possible reasons (eg the wrong alignment of the
       slit) they should go in more detail and also compare the properties of
       these sources. For example, are these wide or close binaries? What would
       that imply? What do we known about the disk(s) in these stars? About
       inclinations? Are there winds (if not jets)?

We already provide some of the information that the referee requested in our
discussion section (e.g. Sect 4.2: "UY Aur A has a disk resolved by
ALMA with a position angle of 177 ± 11 degrees and an
inclination of 56 ± 16 degrees"). However, a complete literature review on all
stars in our sample is beyond the scope of the paper. Stellar properties,
binary separations and the presence of accretion (accretion clearly implies a
disk) is discussed in Hartigan & Kenyon (2002) and we consistently refer the
reader back to that work in our manuscript. We added a few more thoughts on the
absence of spatially resolved jet signals, but -- as we explain above -- this
data set is not well suited to perform a robust analysis of sample statistics
for jets in binaries. Imaging observations would be far more useful. We are
clearly limited by the choice of slit orientations, which was chosen based
on the position of the binaries on the sky at the time of observations. Only
jets within maybe 30 degrees or so (which the exact number depending on the
brightness of the emission) can be detected at all. 

There is no obvious correlation with binary separation. DF Tau is a fairly
tight binary (~10 au, projected) and UY Aur is a wide binary (150 au,
projected). The group of non-detections with accretion rates >= UY Aur contains
binaries with separations just in between from 15 au (projected) to 130 au
(projected). Binaries with no accretion (and presumably no disk is most cases) also do
not have revolved FELs. However, we do not think that this fact is especially
noteworthy.

 Hartigan & Kenyon (2002) discuss line profile in [O I] - an outflow tracer -
and note that DF Tau and UY Aur are the only stars where the [O I] lines
profile shows any complexity - so their outflows must be different in some way
from the rest of the sample. This indicates that the stars where we do not
detect extended FELS might actually not have them, but again this dataset is
not well suited to make firm conclusions because we depend on the slit angle.

>>> 4) The mass fluxes calculated in the manuscript are highly uncertain. The
       authors clearly state this point and also give an error estimate. Still,
       why do they assume a jet density of 10e-3 cm^-3. This value seems to be
       completely arbitrary, also considering the critical density 1000 times
       lower. Furthermore, the density will certainly change along the jet, and
       will be quite different between the high and low velocity component (and
       of course also between the two sources. A more detailed discussion of
       the mass fluxes is needed. To me the mass fluxes seem completely
       arbitrary, and "a factor of a few" is probably totally underestimating
       the error (why not "factors of 100" considering the arbitrary density
       estimate?).

To be clear: We do not know the density in the outflows of DF Tau and UY Aur
and thus we have been very careful to always say "assuming a density of ..."
(e.g. Sect 4.1 and 4.2 in the original version of the manuscript). As we state
in Sect 3.3, the density could be any value below the critical density and eqn
1 shows that \dot M \propto n_e^{-1}. We just want to adopt one number as a
fiducial for the ease of the discussion. n_e = 10^3 is not arbitrary, but taken
from observations of DG Tau, a jet that seems comparable to our data in many
respects (mass and age of star, outflow velocity). The reference for that was
given in the introduction, but we forgot to repeat it in section 3.3. That is
fixed in the new version of the manuscript along with a mention of potentially
changing densities along the jet. Unfortunately, there is not much more we can
do, given that we do not detect other density-sensitive lines.

In the sentence at the end of Sect 3.3 where we discuss uncertainties, we
already said "...is uncertain to a factors of a few, for a given density". What
we meant was: If the density is known in some way (e.g. a future observation),
then the remaining parameters of eqn 1 still cause an uncertainty of a factor
of a few. Since this apparently was not clear to the referee, we have reworded
that sentence.


>>> 5) I suggest to improve the figures. The contrast is unfortunate. The thick
       horizontal lines are not explained (I assume they indicate the stellar
       position, but why do we need them?). The red lines are denoted as
       tracing the jet emission? Are they drawn by hand? Or derived by a
       numerical algorithm? This not defined in the paper, not even mentioned
       in the text. Although, from the figure, I would think that the red lines
       have an essential impact (?). It is not clear whether the red lines
       should be understood as arrows (pointing to strong jet emission), or
       actually follow the jet structure. The latter is maybe true, however,
       these lines extend well into the "blue" area, where there seems to be
       only background emission.

In our original manuscript, the meaning of the red lines was explained in the
caption to Figure 1 ("[The lines] were plotted by doing the Gaussian fit to
each of the rows in the vicinity of the jet emission [...]. The uncertainty of
the resulting fits lies within the line thickness."). Those lines are shown as
far out as we can fit a Gaussian and constrain the centroid meaningfully; the
fact that they sometimes reach into the "blue" region just shows the large
dynamic range in flux in Fig 1 and 2 that makes it hard to find a color scale
that shows the details for both the bright and the faint regions of the
plot. We have added a new figure, and put an expanded explanation into the
text.

As for the white lines: In DF Tau, we agree that the figure would be fine
without it, since we place the origin of our coordinate system at y = 0 and in
DF Tau both components of the binary are so close that they cannot be
distinguished. However, in UY Aur, the second component of the binary is
located ~0.8 arcseconds away and also shows FEL emission features in Fig
2. Since this does not fall on a natural grid line, we find that marking the
position of the secondary greatly eases reading of the figure. It immediately
shows that the emission component at (0 km/s, -0.8") in Fig 2 is just an
artifact from the reduction of the second component of the binary. To avoid
confusion and keep the figures consistent, we have decided to also keep the
white line in the DF Tau figure.

>>> 6) A general question is why the authors talk about "jets" in their paper?
       From their data they do not have information about the structure of
       these outflows. Are these outflows actually collimated? Could there
       actually be INFLOWS? The latter also depends on the inclination angle
       assumed.

We reply to the second part of the question (Could there be INFLOWS?) first: We
agree with the referee that looking at the data by itself, with no prior
knowledge about the geometry or the physics involved, we cannot distinguish
between outflows and inflows. Indeed, at large scales, it is often difficult to
identify the driving source of any flow. However, we can trace the flow down to
sub-arcsecond scales in both objects, making probability for a chance alignment
of some gas flow in the foreground or background with DF Tau or UY Aur
vanishingly small. We can trace all our outflow components to at least 0.3" =
50 au, where most of them have velocities > 100 km/s. However, the free-fall
velocity at this distance is < 5 km/s. There is simply no known physical
mechanism that can accelerate infalling mass to the observed velocities and
thus an infall scenario is not discussed in our paper.

Note that this does not exclude the possibility that inflows exist in some
form, but the gas flows observed in our data must be outflows. This is also
fully consistent with other objects, where the PVDs looks like our
data, but the jet has been observed multiple times such that motion of
individual features can be tracked, e.g. DG Tau (Rodriguez et al, 2012) or HD
163296 (Ellerbroek et al. 2014).

Why do we talk about "jets" as opposed to "outflows"? While our data does not
resolve the outflows spatially, we do in fact have some handle on the spatial
distribution of the outflows from the velocity information. We can measure the
FWHM of the velocity distribution in the outflows. For diverging stream lines,
this will be dominated by the geometrical divergence. For any reasonably
inclination, the opening angles for the outflows from DF Tau and UY Aur must be
< 3 degrees, so we can safely call this a "jet". We added a new paragraph to the
data analysis section in the manuscript with details.


Other changes
After the submission of our manuscript Beck & Bary (2019) published H_2 observations of UY Aur, which nicely match the [Fe II] observations of Pyo et al (2014), which we already discuss in the article. We added a reference to Beck & Bary (2014).